Update didkit changelog (#202)
spruceid/didkit: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Fixed
> - Improve .Jar file, swift wrapper, and gradle build process.
> - Add ssh-agent flag to CLI.
> - Improve P-256 signing.
> - Use Default with LinkedDataProofOptions.
> - Rename functions on Python package.
> - Improve iOS build process
> - Improve TypeScript support in Node.js package
> 
> ### Added
> - work-in-progress implementation of [ZCapLD][] in WASM.
> - updated SSI verification to include resolution step where necessary.
> - maven and cocoapods packaging.
> - added SSH public key-to-DID method.
> - Enable `did:webkey`.
> - Issue and verify JWT VCs and VPs.
> - Add JWKFromTezos function in WASM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- Issue and verify JWT [VCs][vc-data-model] and [VPs][Verifiable Presentations].
- Implement signing using `ssh-agent`.
- Add [ZCAP-LD][] functions in WASM.
- Package Android library for Maven.
- Add CLI subcommand (`ssh-pk-to-jwk`) to convert SSH public key to JWK.
- Implement Swift library for iOS; package for Cocoapods.
- Enable `did:webkey`.
- Add JWKFromTezos function in WASM.
- Add Typescript type declarations to Node.js package.
- Build dynamic library on macOS.

### Changed
- Build AAR file using Gradle.
- Publish AAR package to GitHub.
- Rename functions in Python package to use snake-case.
- Update for interface changes in `ssi`.

### Deprecated
- Deprecated camelCase functions in Python package.

### Removed
- Removed Android AAR Make target (`target/test/android.stamp`).

### Fixed
- Fix various build errors.
- Use EC compression for P-256 `did:key`.
```
